---
title: Shopping Guide and payment
---

# Shopping Guide and Payment

## Shopping Guide

Customers wanna use Thu Do Multimedia's media service or Sigma Media Server please follow these steps:

- Register to create an account to access the Website.
- Select the product or service you want to use. We offer Free Package or Pro package services.
  In case the Customer uses the Free/Free or Trial package, the Customer will not need to pay for the licenses.
  In case customers use the Advanced package: there will be packages with different prices depending on the needs and features selected by the customer.
- Proceed to pay for the service the Customer has selected in the Shopping Cart section.
- Please enter credit card information to pay, or Customers can pay by linking via e-wallet.

## Payments

Depending on the agreement between the Customer and Thu Do Multimedia, payment of Service usage fees can be made before or after Service initiation.

- In case the Customer pays in advance: The Service requested by the Customer will be initiated after the Customer completes the payment obligation. The amount paid in advance by the Customer to Thu Do Multimedia will not be refunded under any circumstances.
- Some specific types of services may run out of traffic before the Customer's data period; In this case, Customer needs to make additional payment before traffic runs out to avoid Service interruption
- In case of payment later: Customer needs to pay Thu Do Multimedia on time as agreed with Thu Do Multimedia; In case the Customer's payment is delayed for more than 3 working days, Thu Do Multimedia may temporarily stop providing Services to the Customer without being responsible to the Customer; In addition, the Customer will have to pay an additional interest rate to Thu Do Multimedia of 0.3% of the total late payment amount for each day (calendar) of late payment until Thu Do Multimedia receives the full amount. payments and interest from Customers.
- In some cases, Thu Do Multimedia may require the Customer to deposit an amount of money to ensure payment; This deposit amount will be used to offset the Services that the Customer has used but has not yet fulfilled the payment obligation to Thu Do Multimedia. The deposit will be returned to the Customer after the Customer completely stops using Thu Do Multimedia's Services and the Customer has completed all obligations to Thu Do Multimedia, especially financial obligations.
- Invoice: Thu Do Multimedia will issue a valid financial invoice in accordance with the law, according to the information provided by the Customer, and after a maximum of 30 (thirty) days from the date the Customer completes the invoice payment to Thu Do Multimedia
