---
title: SLA & Warranty Policy
---

# Service Level Agreement

## 1. SLA - Service Level Agreement

Service Level Agreement - "This SLA" is a commitment of Thu Do Multimedia Joint Stock Company ("Thu Do Multimedia" ) to customers, service users of Thu Do Multimedia, and is considered a commitment. about service quality, to ensure benefits for all customers. This SLA applies to all Sigma.video services provided by Thu Do Multimedia:

### 1.1	Term of Services:

Thu Do Multimedia will endeavor to provide the Sigma.video service at the applicable Monthly Uptime Rate (as defined below) during any monthly period (30 days).

### 1.2	Concepts and definitions

- **”Services”**: are business services on the Sigma.video platform
- **"Customer"/ "Service User"**: means any individual or organization using Thu Do Multimedia's Services, not including free trial customers.
- **"Monthly Uptime"**: is the period of time calculated by subtracting the number of minutes in the month (30 days) in which the Service system is in Unavailable State (as defined below) due to errors. of Thu Do Multimedia and does not include maintenance periods, Service interruptions due to Force Majeure Events and other cases excluded under the provisions of this SLA.
- **"Unavailable State"**: is a state in which the server cannot operate normally, making all Customers unable to access the service.
- **Monthly "Downtime Rate"**: is the percentage calculated by the total number of time (minutes) the service cannot be used.
- **Monthly "Uptime Percent"**: uptime percentage calculated as 100% minus the average of "Downtime Rate".
- **"Force Majeure Event"**: is an event that occurs objectively, is unpredictable and cannot be overcome despite the application of all necessary and permissible measures, including but not limited to natural disasters, enemy sabotage, extreme weather phenomena, acts of sabotage, protests, strikes, and bans by State agencies.
- **"Uptime Percent"** is calculated for the service in 1 month.
- "Uptime Percent" = 100% - Average "Downtime Rate".

### 1.3	Commitment of Thu Do Multimedia

- **Monthly “Uptime Percent” rate: 99%.**
- In case Uptime Percent does not meet commitment. Customers will be compensated for the service by: Refund of fees according to the rate of failure compared to the commitment in the next month's payment period.
- In case the entire system or Service is inaccessible for 180 minutes or more,
- Thu Do Multimedia is responsible for compensating for actual damages caused to Customers. However, in all cases, the total compensation amount to the Customer shall not exceed the total Service amount that the Customer paid to Thu Do Multimedia in the month in which the incident occurred.

### 1.4	Cases where "Downtime Rate" is not calculated

- The Service is inaccessible due to Customer, user and/or third party errors such as: expired domain name, Domain Name Server (DNS) error, misconfiguration, operating system error, computer virus Customer's computers, spyware, network services are unavailable, due to iptables system, firewall...
- Access to the Service is locked due to the content(s) processed by Customer on Thu Do Multimedia's system violating Vietnamese law, allegedly violating intellectual property rights, and Customer failing to fulfill payment obligations. service fee for VNG Cloud.
- The Service is inaccessible due to Force Majeure.

### 1.5	System maintenance

- System maintenance is mandatory work to ensure the continuity of Services provided to Customers. Maintenance can be scheduled for any day of the week (including weekends) and at any time of day. However, Thu Do Multimedia will make every effort to carry out maintenance at times that least affect Customer's use of the Service.
- Thu Do Multimedia will notify customers via email or on the homepage **https\://sigma.video/** 7 days in advance from the expected maintenance date. In some cases of emergency maintenance, Thu Do Multimedia will endeavor to notify Customers at least 15 minutes in advance via email or phone.
- Thu Do Multimedia commits that the total maintenance time affecting Customer Service in one (01) month will not exceed two (02) hours.

## 2. Commitment to Response, Response Time and Problem Resolution Time

We provide Support package with the most basic option being Standard

| **Support package**    | **Standard** |
| ---------------------- | ------------ |
| Pricing                | **FREE**     |
| Response  time         | 48h          |
| Processing  Time       | 96h          |
| Email  support         | **Yes**      |
| Chat  support (on web) | No           |
| Slack  Channel         | No           |

- Contact form to receive and resolve problems:

(a) Via website: <https://sigma.video>

(b) Via email: [support@gviet.vn]() / [sales@gviet.vn]()

- Response time:

(a) Response time for problem resolution request: within 48 hours from the time of receipt of the request.

(b) Time to respond and resolve the Customer's problem: within 8 hours to 96 hours from the time of responding to the request to resolve the problem.

(c) For serious incidents, the response time may be longer but must not exceed 48 hours from the time of responding to the request to resolve the incident.

## 3. Form of receiving and resolving complaints

- Form of receiving complaints: in writing or email to <support@gviet.vn>
- Complaint content: to avoid wasting the Customer's time, when sending a complaint request to Thu Do Multimedia, the Customer please fully provide the following information:

(a) The email or text subject should clearly state: "Clarification request according to SLA commitment - Customer name";

(b) Affected account information;

(c) Specific date, time and times when the system and Services used by Customer fall into Unavailable State;

(d) Error logs or screenshots at the time the error occurred (Customer's confidential information should be blurred or covered);

(e) Damages to the Customer and damage value accompanied by relevant documents and invoices;

- Time for receiving complaints: within one (1) month from the date of incident; Past the above time limit, Thu Do Multimedia will not receive and resolve any related complaints.
- Time to respond and resolve complaints: within ten (10) working days from the date of receipt of the Complaint.
- In case the Customer is not satisfied with Thu Do Multimedia's written resolution, the Customer can send feedback to Thu Do Multimedia. In this case, the Customer's written response will be received and processed as follows. is a new Complaint.
