---
title: Privacy policy
---

# Privacy Policy

## 1. Introduce

This privacy policy (Hereinafter referred to as "policy") regulates the information that Thu Do Multimedia Joint Stock Company (**Thu Do Multimedia**) collects on or through **Thu Do Multimedia's website** at: **https\://sigma.video/** and related linked websites, the services provided by us and all communications and information exchange with individuals verbally, in writing, and by email , phone or any other method.

This policy complies with and is an integral part of **Thu Do Multimedia's** Terms of Service.

## 2. Definition

In this policy, the following terms are defined as follows:

- **Thu Do Multimedia** or we are Thu Do Multimedia Joint Stock Company, with tax code: 0104560888.
- **Thu Do Multimedia Customer** is a person (including individuals, organizations and other entities) who uses **Thu Do Multimedia's** software through a legally signed contract between **Thu Do Multimedia Customer** and **Thu Do Multimedia.**
- Users are individuals who directly access, use, and operate on the **Thu Do Multimedia** software system in limited areas through logging in as assigned, authorized, and/or allowed by the **Thu Do Multimedia Customer**.
- Guests are individuals other than Users who have access to the Public Areas of the **Thu Do Multimedia** Site but do not have access to Restricted Areas.
- The contract includes the Contract for providing information software services, Appendices and other related documents (if any), signed between **Thu Do Multimedia** and **Thu Do Multimedia Customer.** Pursuant to the Contract, **Thu Do Multimedia** provides Services to **Thu Do Multimedia Customers** and acts as the Personal Data Processor at the request of the Data Controller.
- Service is a service provided by Thu Do Multimedia to Thu Do Multimedia Customers. Specifically, in this policy, Services include:
- Thu Do Multimedia's website at: **https\://sigma.video/** and related linked websites;
- Other services provided by **Thu Do Multimedia**.
- Thu Do Multimedia site is Thu Do Multimedia's website with address at: **https\://sigma.video/**
- **Thu Do Multimedia Customer** Data includes data, reports, addresses and other folders and documents stored electronically by **Thu Do Multimedia Customers** or Users on the Services provided by **Thu Do Multimedia** provide.
- Personal data is any information that pertains to a particular person or that identifies a particular person. Personal data includes basic personal data and sensitive personal data
- Basic personal data and sensitive personal data include information and data specified in Clauses 3 and 4, Article 2 of Decree No. 13/2023/ND-CP dated April 17, 2023 on insurance Personal data protection (Hereinafter referred to as “Decree 13”).
- Data subject is the individual to whom the personal data reflects. In the policy, data subjects include: **Thu Do Multimedia Customers** (in case of individual customers), Users and/or Guests. Depending on each specific case, the data subject may be one or more subjects as mentioned above.
- Common area is the area of Site **Thu Do Multimedia**, which can be accessed by both Users and Guests without logging in.
- Restricted area is the area of **Thu Do Multimedia** Site that can only be accessed by Users through logging into the system.
- The term of service for **Thu Do Multimedia Customer** is the time of using the Service according to the Contract and Appendices (if any) signed between **Thu Do Multimedia** and **Thu Do Multimedia Customer**.

## 3. Description

By using the Services, registering an account or accessing **Thu Do Multimedia's Website** and clicking "I agree", and/or any other form provided that such consent is expressed in a form format that can be printed or copied in writing means that you have agreed to allow **Thu Do Multimedia** to process your Personal Data as described in this Policy.

IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO MULTIMEDIA CAPITAL TO PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA AS DESCRIBED IN THIS POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE MULTIMEDIA CAPITAL SERVICES OR WEBSITE.

We have the right to amend and supplement this Policy at any time and depending on the purpose, scope and content of such amendment, we may notify you, or not depending on the regulations. legal regulations on personal data protection from time to time.

## 4. Collect data

**Thu Do Multimedia** will/may collect personal data about you in the following cases:

- When you register and/or use the Thu Do Multimedia Services or Website, or open an account with us;
- When you submit any form, including, but not limited to, application or other forms related to any products and services of Thu Do Multimedia, whether online or in writing. another form;
- When you enter into any agreement or provide documents or other information relating to your interactions with Thu Do Multimedia, or when you use our products and services;
- When you interact with us, such as through phone calls (which may be recorded), letters, faxes, face-to-face meetings, social media platforms and emails;
- When you use Thu Do Multimedia’s services, or interact with us via phone or Thu Do Multimedia’s Website or Services. This includes, but is not limited to, through cookies that We may deploy when You interact with Our Services or Website;
- When you make transactions through the homepage or Website of Thu Do Multimedia's;
- When you provide feedback or submit a complaint to Thu Do Multimedia's;
- When you register to participate in a contest or participate in promotional programs;
- When you send your Personal Data to Thu Do Multimedia for any reason.

(\*) The above are just some common cases in which Thu Do Multimedia collects your Personal Data, and does not reflect all the cases in which Thu Do Multimedia will collect your Personal Data.

## 5. The information and data we collect

We collect different types of information from or through the Services. In addition to the information and data that Thu Do Multimedia publicly collects below, we may also collect and process data of Users and Visitors, when deemed appropriate and with the consent of the data subject. Whether.

- **Data provided by Thu Do Multimedia Customer**

When Thu Do Multimedia Customer signs a contract with Thu Do Multimedia, depending on the signing entity (individual, legal entity, organization,...), Thu Do Multimedia may request to provide information including includes: name, email address, phone number information, bank account and other basic data to confirm information and draft and sign related documents.

- **Data provided by Users**

The User understands that the User can only log in and use the Service when the Thu Do Multimedia Customer grants account access to the Thu Do Multimedia Customer's system within the Thu Do Multimedia Customer's service term. Do Multimedia.

- **Other collected data information**

As with most websites when you submit information which may include: data about you, usually including but not limited to your IP address, access times and sometimes "cookies" (which can be unlimited). disabled using your browser preferences) to help the website remember your last visit. If you log in, this information is linked to your personal account. This information is also included in anonymous statistics to help us understand how visitors use our Services and Website.

## 6. Purpose collecting personal data

Thu Do Multimedia may process your Personal Data for one or more of the following purposes:

- Review and/or process your applications/transactions with Us or your transactions or correspondence with third parties through the Service;
- Manage, operate, provide and/or manage your use of and/or access to the Services, Our Website (including without limitation), your preferences, as well as your interests. Your contact and user account with Us;
- Respond, process, resolve or complete a transaction and/or fulfill your requests for certain products and services and notify you of service issues and activities. unusual account movements;
- Enforce Our Terms of Service or any applicable end user license agreement, terms of use;
- Protect personal safety and the rights, property or safety of others;
- Identification and/or verification;
- Maintain and manage any software updates and/or other updates and support that may be required from time to time to ensure the smooth operation of Our Services;
- Resolve or facilitate customer service, carry out your instructions, resolve or respond to any inquiries submitted by (or intended to be submitted by) you or on your behalf;
- Contact you or communicate with you by telephone, text message and/or fax message, email and/or letter or otherwise for the purposes of administering and/or managing your relationship with We or your use of our Services, such as but not limited to, communicating administrative information to you in connection with our Services. You acknowledge and agree that such communication from Us which may be by way of mail, documents or notices to You, may include disclosure of certain Personal Data about You to provide those documents as well as on the packaging/envelope;
- Conduct research, analysis and development activities (including, but not limited to, data analysis, surveys, product and service development and/or characterization), to analyze how how you use our Services, to improve our Services or products and/or to improve your customer experience;
- For marketing and advertising purposes, in this case, to send you via various means of communication, marketing and promotional information and materials relating to products and/or services ( including, but not limited to, products and/or services of third parties with which Thu Do Multimedia may cooperate or affiliate) may sell, market or promote, whether the products or services that service exists now or is created in the future. You can unsubscribe from receiving marketing communications at any time by using the unsubscribe function in electronic marketing materials, or by visiting your profile page on the Prime website. Do Multimedia for a change. We may use your contact information to send newsletters from Us;
- Respond to legal procedures or to comply with or comply with any applicable laws and requirements of competent state agencies;
- Prepare statistical data and research to meet reporting and/or maintain internal or regulatory requirements;
- Carry out due diligence and other audits (including, but not limited to, background checks) for compliance with our legal or regulatory obligations or risk control procedures me, may be required by law or may have been imposed by Us;
- Check Our Services or Thu Do Multimedia's activities;
- Prevent or investigate any actual or suspected violation of Our Terms of Service, fraud, illegal activity, omissions or misconduct, whether related to Your use of Our Services, or any matter arising from your relationship with Us;
- Store, server, backup (whether for disaster recovery or otherwise) of your Personal Data;
- Or any other purpose that We notify you at the time of requesting your consent (collectively, "Purpose").

We will/may process your Personal Data in accordance with the current situation, possibly for other purposes not stated above. However, We will notify you of that other purpose when asking for your consent, except in cases where data processing without your consent is prescribed by law.

## 7. How we protect personal data

Thu Do Multimedia always attaches great importance to compliance with laws on personal data protection, therefore, Thu Do Multimedia focuses on implementing various security measures and always makes efforts to ensure the safety of Data. Your personal information on Thu Do Multimedia systems. User Personal Data is stored behind secured networks and can only be accessed by certain employees with special access rights to Thu Do Multimedia's systems. However, there certainly cannot be a guarantee of absolute safety.

Thu Do Multimedia will maintain Personal Data in accordance with the laws on Personal Data protection and/or other applicable legal regulations. This means that Thu Do Multimedia will destroy or delete your Personal Data when Thu Do Multimedia has reasonable reasons to determine that (i) the retention of such Personal Data no longer serves the purpose of collecting the Data. Whether that Individual too; (ii) retention is no longer necessary for any legal or business purpose and (iii) there are no other legitimate interests in continuing to retain such Personal Data and/or any other cases as prescribed by law. If you stop using the Services of Thu Do Multimedia, or your rights to use the Website and/or the Services are terminated or withdrawn, we may continue to store, use and/or disclose your Personal Data in accordance with this Policy and Our obligations under Personal Data protection laws and/or other applicable legal regulations. Subject to applicable law, We may securely destroy your Personal Data without prior notice to you.

To ensure the safety of your Personal Data, Thu Do Multimedia will encrypt data after it is collected according to this policy before storing it in the database.

## 8.  Information about Children (Thu Do Multimedia does not collect)

Our Services only provide services to subjects 18 years of age or older by users ensuring that they are 18 years of age when declaring personal information. Thu Do Multimedia does not provide services to people under 18 years old.

## 9. You can withdraw your consent, request access, provide, delete or correct your personal data by

\- **Withdrawal of Consent**

You may withdraw your consent to the processing of your Personal Data in our possession or control by emailing our Personal Data Protection Department at [**support@gviet.vn**](mailto\:support@gviet.vn) and We will process the request in accordance with the provisions of this Policy and Our obligations prescribed by law. This withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of the data processing to which you have consented before withdrawing consent. You should clearly understand that, when you withdraw your consent to process Personal Data, it means that you are not allowed to use the Service or access Thu Do Multimedia's website and this may resulting in damage to you. Thu Do Multimedia will be exempt from liability in this case.

\-    **Request access to or correction of Personal Data**

- If you have registered an account with us, you may personally access and/or correct your Personal Data that we hold or control through the Account Settings page or on Website or Services. If you have not registered an account with us, you may personally request access to and/or correction of your Personal Data in our possession or control by submitting a written request. for Us. We will need to have enough information from you to determine your identity as well as the nature of your request in order to be able to process your request. Therefore, please submit your request by emailing our Personal Data Protection Department at [**support@gviet.vn**](mailto\:support@gviet.vn).
- We may charge you a reasonable fee for dealing with and processing your request to access your Personal Data. If We charge a fee, We will provide you with an estimate of the fee in writing or email. Please note that We are not obligated to respond to or resolve your access request unless you have agreed to pay the fee.
- We have the right to refuse to correct your Personal Data in accordance with the laws on Personal Data protection, where such laws require and/or allow an organization to refuse to correct the Data. Individuals in such cases.

\- **Providing Personal Data**

- You have the right to request us to provide your Personal Data to you or on your behalf to provide your Personal Data to other organizations or individuals by sending an email with a Request Form attached. Provide personal data according to the form to our Personal Data Protection Department at email address [**support@gviet.vn**](mailto\:support@gviet.vn).
- We may charge you a reasonable fee for dealing with and processing your request for Personal Data. If We charge a fee, We will provide you with an estimate of the fee in writing or email. Please note that We are not required to respond to or resolve your request for Personal Data unless you have agreed to pay a fee.
- We have the right to refuse to provide your Personal Data in accordance with the laws on personal data protection, where those laws require and/or allow an organization to refuse to provide Personal Data in the above mentioned cases.

\-	**Deletion of Personal Data**

- You may request that We delete your Personal Data that We have collected by emailing Our Personal Data Protection Department at  [**support@gviet.vn**](mailto\:support@gviet.vn) in the following cases:
- You realize that it is no longer necessary for the purpose of collection and have agreed and accepted the damages that may occur when requesting data deletion;
- We process your Personal Data that we have collected based on your consent and your wish to withdraw your consent and without any other basis for us to do so. I may process this Personal Data;
- You object to Our processing of Your Personal Data and We do not have a legitimate reason to continue processing;
- •	You believe that your Personal Data collected by us is not processed for the agreed purpose or that the processing of your Personal Data violates the law;
- You feel that your Personal Data must be deleted in accordance with the law

Please provide as much detail as possible about your reasons to assist us in determining whether you have reasonable grounds to request deletion of the data. However, We may retain Personal Data if there is a lawful basis in law for Us to do so (for example, in accordance with the laws of your country - where a subsidiary or member company of Thu Do Multimedia is headquartered, or to protect Us against legal requests or ensure freedom of expression) however We will notify you about these cases. Please note that after deletion of Personal Data, We may not be able to provide the same service as before deletion because We will not be able to know your needs.

You should note that Vietnamese law requires service providers such as Thu Do Multimedia to store users' information and Personal Data for a minimum of two (02) years ("Duration"). Storage Period") from the last time the user used the service; Therefore, your request to delete your Personal Data will only be possible after the end of the above Retention Period. We will endeavor to delete your Personal Data within 30 days of your request and the end of the Retention Period set out above, or notify you if this requires more time.

## 10. Storage of Personal Data

We store your Personal Data throughout your use of the Service and continue to store this for three (03) years from the time of your last access and/or use. Services (“Term”). This Term may be extended/extended where this information is necessary for Us to provide the Services to you, or as required or permitted by law, such as provisions of law on Taxation, Accounting, Auditing.

## 11. Object to marketing programs based on your Personal Data

At any time you have the right to object to the processing of your Personal Data to send you promotions, special offers and sales messages, including that we We build Customer Profiles for these purposes and We will stop processing your Personal Data for these purposes. Please provide us with detailed information about the reason for your request by emailing our Personal Data Protection Department at [**support@gviet.vn**](mailto\:support@gviet.vn) to assist us. I determine whether you have legitimate grounds to object. However, We may retain your Personal Data if there are lawful grounds for Us to do so.

## 12. Limit processing of Personal Data to archival purposes only

You have the right to request that We limit the processing of Your Personal Data that We already hold to archival purposes only by emailing Our Personal Data Protection Department at Just email  [**support@gviet.vn**](mailto\:support@gviet.vn), when:

- You believe that your Personal Data is inaccurate, for as long as is necessary for Us to verify whether your Personal Data is accurate.
- We want to delete your Personal Data but you want us to just Store it.
- 	We want to delete your Personal Data because it is no longer necessary for our purposes but you require its storage for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; or
- 	You object to Us processing your Personal Data on the basis of Our legitimate interests, and You want Us to stop processing your Personal Data when We determine whether it is of interest to you. important in the processing and retention of such Personal Data.

## 13. Where personal data is stored

For Services provided by Thu Do Multimedia whose headquarters is located in Vietnam, your Personal Data will be stored in Vietnam in accordance with the provisions of Vietnamese law.

## 14. Questions, concerns or complaints

If you have any concerns or questions about this Policy, please contact us at <support@gviet.vn>.
